profile/README.md, before:

# Own IT Org

We have the goal to help small and medium sized companies (e.g., start-ups) to
use the transformations they go through as a means for growing the business and
team spirit.

Our contribution is in the Digitalisation space. As consultants, we help you
identify and visualize the processes that keep your company running today. Then
we develop plans, how software and AI can help you optimize these processes,
especially when new constraints enter your business space.
As software engineers and UX designers, we find, integrate and contribute to
open source projects in the workflow-BPMN space.

![Example BPMN workflow](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Own-I-T-Org/.github/main/marketing/leadership_mindset.png)

## Current stack (v0.2 - WIP)

In most cases we want to use the open source projects around the
[Camunda](https://github.com/camunda) space.
If a customer is too big for our internal means to help them, we want to
connect them to our soon-to-be partner
[SAP Signavio](https://github.com/signavio).
If a customer is very passionate about running their own workflow system on
their self-hosted kubernetes installations, we want to connect them to our
soon-to-be partners around [Kogito](http://kogito.kie.org/), which are
[Red Hat](https://redhat.com) and the [KIE Group](https://github.com/kiegroup).

As Platform for Open Source contributions we use Git +
[Github](https://github.com/). Our software runs in containers managed by
[Podman](https://github.com/containers/podman).
Documentation, ramblings and internal Wiki is
[Obsidian](https://github.com/obsidianmd).

As can be seen from the choices, Open Source is preferred. We believe that
[FOSS](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Free_and_open-source_software) software
allows us to use the best technology available in areas
which are not competitive for us, and allows us to contribute and influence the
direction of these projects in ways that closed software could not.
For instance, we believe to really rely on a software, it needs to have more
than one company sponsoring its development. This will ensure democratic
processes are established and maintained, and it allows us to follow and
participate in the features and bugfixes that are relevant to us.

To reap these benefits a major step will be to encourage all these projects to
adapt a multi-sponsor system with democratically voted leadership and
processes, where they might not have that yet.

## Contact

Reach out to us by creating a [ticket](https://github.com/Own-I-T-Org/.github/issues).

Commit message:

a few words about leadership
Signed-off-by: Erik Bernoth <erik.bernoth@gmail.com>

profile/README.md, after:

# Own IT Org

We have the goal to help small and medium sized companies (e.g., start-ups) to
use the transformations they go through as a means for growing the business and
team spirit.

Our contribution is in the Digitalisation space. As consultants, we help you
identify and visualize the processes that keep your company running today. Then
we develop plans, how software and AI can help you optimize these processes,
especially when new constraints enter your business space.
As software engineers and UX designers, we find, integrate and contribute to
open source projects in the workflow-BPMN space.

![Example BPMN workflow](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Own-I-T-Org/.github/main/marketing/leadership_mindset.png)

## Current stack (v0.2 - WIP)

In most cases we want to use the open source projects around the
[Camunda](https://github.com/camunda) space.
If a customer is too big for our internal means to help them, we want to
connect them to our soon-to-be partner
[SAP Signavio](https://github.com/signavio).
If a customer is very passionate about running their own workflow system on
their self-hosted kubernetes installations, we want to connect them to our
soon-to-be partners around [Kogito](http://kogito.kie.org/), which are
[Red Hat](https://redhat.com) and the [KIE Group](https://github.com/kiegroup).

As Platform for Open Source contributions we use Git +
[Github](https://github.com/). Our software runs in containers managed by
[Podman](https://github.com/containers/podman).
Documentation, ramblings and internal Wiki is
[Obsidian](https://github.com/obsidianmd).

As can be seen from the choices, Open Source is preferred. We believe that
[FOSS](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Free_and_open-source_software) software
allows us to use the best technology available in areas
which are not competitive for us, and allows us to contribute and influence the
direction of these projects in ways that closed software could not.
For instance, we believe to really rely on a software, it needs to have more
than one company sponsoring its development. This will ensure democratic
processes are established and maintained, and it allows us to follow and
participate in the features and bugfixes that are relevant to us.

To reap these benefits a major step will be to encourage all these projects to
adapt a multi-sponsor system with democratically voted leadership and
processes, where they might not have that yet.

## Leadership

We can't really call ourselves "Own IT" and then not also be focused on
leadership in general.

As leaders we want to be open, collaborative, compete for finding the best
ideas, and stay at the forefront of innovation. This way our customers,
partners and associates will know what's going on around us, can learn from us,
can influence where we are going, can work with us on shared goals, and bring
in their own best ideas.

For this purpose we want to work with the
[Open Practice Library](https://github.com/openpracticelibrary), a library of
open leadership methods, principles and tools. And we want to be an
[Open Organisation](https://github.com/open-organization).

## Contact

Reach out to us by creating a [ticket](https://github.com/Own-I-T-Org/.github/issues).
